docs: expand configuration usage (#33229)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/workspace-config.md

You can define and name additional alternate configurations (such as `stage`, for instance) appropriate to your development process. Some examples of different build configurations are `stable`, `archive` and `next` used by AIO itself, and the individual locale-specific configurations required for building localized versions of an app. For details, see [Internationalization (i18n)](guide/i18n#merge-aot).

> Select an alternate configuration by passing the name to the `--configuration` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select an alternate configuration by passing its name via the `--configuration` command line flag.
```

Reviewer 2: passing its name to the ...

Author: Done

> If you pass a comma-separated list of configuration names, they are applied from left to right, so that the final setting overrides any previous setting. For example, to apply both `stage` and `fr` build configurations, use the command ng build `--configuration stage,fr`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you also pass in more than one configuration name as a comma-separated list of configuration names, individual configuration settings of these configurations are merged left to right, so the settings of the last configuration take precedence. For example, to apply both `stage` and `fr` build configurations, use the command ng build `--configuration stage,fr`.
```

Reviewer 2: How about this: 

You can also pass in more than one configuration name as a comma-separated list. For example, to apply both `stage` and `fr` build configurations, use the command ng build `--configuration stage,fr`. In this case,  the command parses the named configurations from left to right. If multiple configurations change the same setting, the last-set value is the final one.
--

Author: Added Judy's suggestion.

> If the `--prod` option is also present, it is applied first, and its settings can be overridden by any additional configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `--prod` command line flag is also used, it is applied first, and its settings can be overridden by any configurations specified via the `--configuration` flag.
```

Author: Done

You can define and name additional alternate configurations (such as `stage`, for instance) appropriate to your development process. Some examples of different build configurations are `stable`, `archive` and `next` used by AIO itself, and the individual locale-specific configurations required for building localized versions of an app. For details, see [Internationalization (i18n)](guide/i18n#merge-aot).

> Select the alternate configurations by passing the name to the `--configuration` flag. You can to use multiple configurations by separating them with a comma, and they will be applied from left to right. If `--prod` is also present, it will be considered to be the first configuration and thus able to be overriden. For example, use the build `stage` and `fr` configurations by running `ng build --configuration stage,fr`.

Reviewer 2: Select an alternate configuration by passing the name to the `--configuration` flag. 
If you pass a comma-separated list of configuration names, they are applied from left to right, so that the final setting overrides any previous setting. For example, to apply both `stage` and `fr` build configurations, use the command `ng build --configuration stage,fr`.

If the `--prod` option is also present, it is applied first, and its settings can be overridden by any additional configurations.
